https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-17798 (#7601)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: release_notes/acm_whats_new.adoc

[#application-whats-new]
== Applications

> * With the GitOps addon, you can manage the lifecycle of the {gitops-short} instances on all kinds of OpenShift and Non-OpenShift managed clusters for the `ArgoCD` pull model, see: link:../gitops/gitops_openshift_deploy_argocd.adoc#gitops-openshift-deploy-argocd[Deploying the {gitops} instances on OpenShift and Non-OpenShift managed clusters for _ArgoCD_ pull model (Technology Preview)]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* With the GitOps add-on, you can now manage the lifecycle of the {gitops-short} instances on all kinds of {ocp} and non-{ocp-short} managed clusters for the `ArgoCD` pull model, see: link:../gitops/gitops_openshift_deploy_argocd.adoc#gitops-openshift-deploy-argocd[Deploying the {gitops} instances on OpenShift and Non-OpenShift managed clusters for _ArgoCD_ pull model (Technology Preview)]
```

Reviewer: I wonder if we can just leave out ocp and non-ocp since saying both just implies all types of clusters anyway
